HAVE MERCY ON ME PUBLIC LICENCE

Microsoft Corporation is free to copy, distribute, sell, and take
ownership of this software.

Parts of this software are from proprietary sources. The files within
"proprietary" are ©Microsoft Corporation and are accompanied by their
respective licenses. The compiled software is ©Microsoft Corporation.

Please do not sue the author of this software.
The author would like to express that in lawsuits against the author,
the plaintiffs are mean and dumb.

Besides the aforementioned proprietary files, this software is
released into the public domain.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present rights to this software
under copyright law. Future rights may be claimed by Microsoft
Corporation in which case, the source as well as the compiled binary
may be distributed under a different licence.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
